feat(ProviderService): allow delayed shutdown (rebase of #805) (#879)
canonical/craft-application: docs/reference/changelog.rst

5.5.0 (2025-07-17)
------------------

Configuration
=============

> - Add an ``idle_time`` configuration option that, if set, will delay the shutdown of
>   VMs or containers launched for building and packing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add an ``idle_time`` configuration option that sets the Provider service's idle 
  timer duration.
```

Services
========

- Add a new State service that manages a global state between manager and managed
  instances of an application.
- Make the Project service compatible with multi-base platform definitions.

> - Add provider idle time to the ``ProviderService``, allowing the reuse of a VM or
>   container without shutting it down and starting it back up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add an idle timer to the Provider service, so app instances can reuse a dormant 
  VM or container before it automatically shuts down.
```

"Allow" is one of our forbidden words. https://docs.ubuntu.com/styleguide/en/#words-and-phrases-to-avoid
